feat: new minimum deployment version of Apple targets (#5557)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-target-support.md

Starting with Kotlin 2.3.20, the following targets are deprecated:

* `macosX64` (Apple macOS on x86_64 platforms)
* `watchosX64` (Apple watchOS 64-bit simulator on x86_64 platforms)
* `tvosX64` (Apple tvOS simulator on x86_64 platforms)

### Supporting lower Apple target versions

Currently, the default minimum supported versions of Apple targets are:

* For iOS and tvOS, 15.0.
* For macOS, 12.0.
* For watchOS, 8.0.

> If you need to support a lower version in your project than the default one, use the `freeCompilerArgs` option in your build file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project needs to support a version lower than the default one, use the `freeCompilerArgs` option in your build file:
```

Reviewer: (suggestion) reads a bit smoother

```kotlin
kotlin {
    targets.withType<org.jetbrains.kotlin.gradle.plugin.mpp.KotlinNativeTarget>().configureEach {
        binaries.configureEach {
            freeCompilerArgs += "-Xoverride-konan-properties=minVersion.ios=14.0"
            freeCompilerArgs += "-Xoverride-konan-properties=minVersion.macos=11.0"
            freeCompilerArgs += "-Xoverride-konan-properties=minVersion.tvos=14.0"

>             freeCompilerArgs += "-Xoverride-konan-properties=minVersion.watchos=8.0"

Reviewer: not sure if matters, but the rest of the list uses a version lower than the minimum supported version here but watchOs uses 8.0 - Should we change it to 7.0? 🤔

Author: True, makes perfect sense
